Dragon Ball
ситуacion
our adventure begins on an distant land
forgotten by the people land beyond time a beautiful and mysterious land that
no one has heard of nor has it been seen here lives our little hero but he still does not know that he will play an important role in the story that is about to begin
the legend of goku and the seven spheres of the dragon what a beautiful morning, right? today we offer you
I'm going to cut the firewood
I'm starving
I'm sure it's nearby
I think I'll be lucky I need to get food
please bring me luck grandpa I'll wait today
the other time with my bear meat
I'm going to eat you
what is that?
I'm going to eat you I'm going to hide It is so lucky he's alive oh you cheat monster I wanted to steal my fish from you
you will see evil
if you want my fish you will have to fight for it get ready to fight !!!
what? why not? Or if you didn't know, my body is...
Look at me, I'm a human like you. It's serious, I swear. Look at me. Stay there. And don't move.
You're also human, right? Of course I am. There's something that makes you different. You look very fragile, as if you were going to break with something. It's because I'm a girl. A girl?
Are you serious? Have you never seen a girl, a woman? No, besides the grandfather, you're the first human being I've met. I'm telling you the truth.
The grandfather told me that if I ever met a girl, I should be very kind to her. How cute, see? You cut it, don't take it off, brave. And do you live with your grandfather? No, he died.
So women don't have tails? I do, and it's very cute, don't you think? Yes. I'm proud of her. What a strange boy.
Hey, did you catch the noisy monster? It's not a noisy monster, it's a car. In the city we have many. It's true, the grandfather told me about them.
And you're a very strong boy, right? Yes, the grandfather made me run and lift heavy rocks. Hey, tell me something. If you come in a car, it means you're from the city, right? Yes.
Because with you. What did you say? I didn't say anything.
I'm just a girl, I don't have a car. You don't have a car, car... I'll give you a reason. I'll give you a reason. What did I say?
You said that you didn't come from the city. I don't have a car.
And she gave you a reason. Do you want to drive? She doesn't know how to drive. She has to drive. You're a girl. Ha-ha-ha.
Yes, my grandfather gave it to me before I died and no one can touch it, not even a... Oh, Goku. See?
What? That's impossible, two grandfathers, they're your two grandfathers. They're not grandfathers, they're dragon spheres. Dragon spheres? I found them exactly in the basement of my house.
I didn't know what they were, so I asked everywhere until someone told me they were magic spheres.
They are found in different parts of the world, but when they are all together, the great dragon god appears.
Then the magic words are said and the god grants the wish that one wants to ask. This will help. It's my radar, dragon, I built it.
What do you think? Look, these three are the spheres we have. Yes. And here are the others. The closest one is to the southwest. I don't understand.
It doesn't matter, but we can't get there walking and since you destroyed my car, we need to do something about it. Look at this. What was it? Number nine? I think so.
Don't get close, everything will be fine. Don't move. Don't move.
It was a stupid thing, it was a Hopo capsule and in the city where I live, everyone uses it and they have motorcycles like this.
Listen, it's not magic. So come on, get in. Do you want? If you say so. Hold on, there.
Your wish is granted.
I think something is going on. Stop screaming, creature.
Are you afraid of heights? Tell me that.
Maybe they are not friends. Hey. And now what do I do? How will I rescue her if I don't know how to fly? I know!
But to be able to do it, I don't think she did something like that.
Let yourself go! No!
Goh-Hui!
Yes!
Goh-Hui and Bulma follow their journey in search of the Dragon Balls. They are the legendary Balls that, once gathered, can fulfill any desire.
So all we need is to get the other four Balls? Calm down, Goku. These stupid things aren't that easy. Maybe you don't realize it because you've never been out of your mountains.
Well, it's getting dark. We can stay here. I think we'll first set up camp and then have dinner. A girl as decent as me can't sleep in the dark.
So what do we do? There's no house in this place. Don't forget my capsules. I'll use one of my capsules to build the house. Please, move away a little.
You're so silly, Goku.
Are you going to sleep outside? Don't tell me you don't know electricity. This is incredible.
What kind of world have you lived in? Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
You smell horrible. What? What is bathing? Oh, this is incredible. You don't know how to bathe?
I think I understand now. Come on, come on. Come on, I'll wash you, so hurry up and come.
Is this the bath? You!
This is a weird wash. Shut up. There is no better way to wash a little girl in the bath than this. Turn your back.
Do you put the accessory directly on your back? What's wrong with you? Why do you have this useless tail? I'll clean your back better.
Hey, that hurts. Do you see it?
Your tail is moving. Are you surprised? My tail. Yes, it's moving.
I see, you don't have a tail. Men have tails. No, it's just that... I never thought there was something like this. It's really strange.
I thought it was useless, but now I think maybe they are a little useful. But a dead little girl is a man, but she doesn't have a tail. That's right, right? Hey, hey. You don't usually have a tail, right?
Don't feel bad. You are mysterious. I better go to the bathroom.
He thinks I'm a magician, but he's the one who has a magic tail. Wow, he's a very strange boy.
Don't scare me like you do.
It's not exactly the same. You are a boy and I am a girl. And what?
All I want is to be left alone.
Is this food? This thing you call bread has little holes and it doesn't taste like anything. Besides, the soup is bitter. It's coffee.
Don't be silly and eat this. That's why you don't grow. Come on, eat. I'll get real food that does help you grow. And now what are you going to do?
Wait a minute. You can be alone and I'll make you food. See you. Wow, you're strange. I don't understand you.
That was good yesterday. Now. I got a centipede and a wolf. Let's roast them. Do you think?
Oh.
Look, there's the wolf. Where's the wolf?
I don't like sharing my bed.
I'll lend you a blanket so you can sleep on the floor. I'll sleep on the floor? Of course. I already told you that I like to sleep alone. Now get out of there and sleep. Strong and brave man. It's because you're embarrassed not to have a tail.
I don't care if you're like that. I don't care about tails. Get out of here. Oh, you're crazy. You said you lived only with your grandfather, right?
Do you have a father and you're an orphan? Actually, I don't know. I appeared alone in the woods. When I was a baby, my grandfather found me and took me with him home. I think he loved it.
Surely he was abandoned for his tail. Poor thing. You have a very nice tail and I'm glad you were happy with your grandfather. Yes, I also like my tail and you like me even if you don't have a tail. I don't want a tail. Leave me alone.
I don't like people who fall asleep while talking.
Gracia, come to me. Conquest. I love you. Un misterio vas a descubrir
Todos quieren pronto vivir Aventuras, mil y algo más Juventud, conserva la inocencia que hay en ti
Si tratas de aparentar algo que no eres Se estimará la magia igual que la maldición
Atrévete a enfrentar Salvaje y plenamente El milagro de vivir
Romance te puedo dar Romance te puedo dar Si me enseñas con valor la verdad que hay en ti
Romance te puedo dar Romance te puedo dar Romance te puedo dar Gritando en mi pecho está
Vigorosamente la muerte alienita